Seasonality:
    AGE:
    Usage rates of younger riders increase dramatically during the summer whereas older riders' usage grows, but at a smaller rate. 
    The usage rate of older riders has less variance from July to December so they are less affected by weather differences.
    TIME OF DAY:
    The usage patterns depending on the time of day have a very similar shape across seasons. The mornings and evenings are when 
    the biggest differences between July and December exist, presumably due to daylight. In the mornings ridership rates start picking
    up earlier and faster in July than December, with a very big difference at 8AM, which is a peak time in both months. In the evening,
    ridership starts decreasing at around the same time (6PM) in both months. The biggest difference in ridership between months occurs between 
    5PM and 6PM where there are between 2.69 and 2.9 times more riders in the July compared to December.
    POPULAR STATIONS BY SEASON:
    The most popular stations are located near the areas that have the highest population as well as certain train stations. Weather conditions
    presumably make some routes less attractive to ride in the winter than in the summer. The top 10 most popular starting stations change 
    significantly, but rather mostly shuffle around.

Trip Length:
    AGE/GENDER/USERTYPE:
        Younger users both male and female have longer average trip durations. At around age 24, average trip duration drops for both genders 
        and normalizes to around 15 minutes very slowly decreases till 80. Customers  have much longer average trip lengths than Subscribers do. 
        There is very little variance in trip length across age for Subscribers, with users at most ages falling within a range of 11-14 minutes.
        For Customers, many of the most popular stations are located in areas that are less densely populated. For Subscribers, very few stations
        have significantly higher usage outside of a few stations that are not located in Manhattan.

